Fix typos (#800)
wasmCloud/wasmCloud.com: community/2024-10-16-community-meeting.mdx

- We will be publishing a developer blog post with all the details shortly so keep an eye on the wasmCloud blog and social channels.
- wash dev is the major update in 1.3 which provides a way for us to review component dependencies in full.
- [Release notes](https://github.com/wasmCloud/wasmCloud/releases/tag/v1.3.0) are tagged along with the 1.3 release.
- Notably, we have introduced a new validation path for links. Earlier, you cauld have an http server provider forwarded to components based on a path. We used to be able to do this with the same interface without specifying a link name - this is now invalid.

> - What must be present to create a link from the same source o multiple targes, you must soecufy the kink name - a unuqie idejtifier for calling a specific target at runtime,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- What must be present to create a link from the same source to multiple targets, you must specify the link name - a unique identifier for calling a specific target at runtime,
```

Author: This one is very interesting.
